Release (#1022)
inrupt/solid-client-authn-js: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

The following sections document changes that have been released already:

## 1.5.1 - 2020-02-03

### Deprecation

#### browser

- Deprecated SessionManager

> - The implicit flow is no longer supported. However, no OIDC issuer only supports

Reviewer: I'm not sure, but is "OIDC issuer" too broad?

```suggestion
- The implicit flow is no longer supported. However, no known Solid server only supports
```

Author: That's a good point, it's more precise if we focus it to "Solid Identity Issuers" (Solid servers being a little unclear, since it may apply to both IdPs and Pod servers)

the implicit flow and not the auth code flow, and no user-facing controls enable

> chosing one's flow, so there's no reason why this should be breaking.

Reviewer: "chosing" is a typo, and I think we can be a little more confident here.

```suggestion
choosing one's flow, so this has no user impact.
```
